- Tell me about your self?
		- Where would you like for me to start?

- Describe tcp/ip connection process?
		Application Layer	-	http, smtp, ftp, ssh, snmp
		Transport Layer		-	tcp, udp - ping, traceroute
		Network Layer		-	icmp
		Physical Layer		-	arp

Describe HTTPS certificate trust and SSL encryption?
How do you know it's time to make a change on a team? Personnel-wise, technical?
		-
			
		
Write me a python function that inputs a string and a list, then uses the list values to split the string into another list.  


How do you handle a large task and make sure it is completed on time?  
		How do you handle a large task and make sure it is  completed on time?
Name a project/accomplishment that you are proud of.  
		Told the interviewer that I'm going to use the STAR method and explained in detail what I did with a long story.
A design question for a tool that can collect logs from all servers in a region. Also, if an instance suddenly went missing, how do you go about figuring out the issue?  
Programming question - Given an array of arrays, flatten into a single array. Ex: [[1,2,3,4], [5,6],[7]]. Output [1,2,3,4,5,6,7]. Once done, increased complexity to nested arrays within each array.  


Q: Given a log with specified format, ask you to write a script to find the ip which accessed accumulatively biggest size
Q: Some basic tools in Linux you used?  

Networking and OS questions  

14 amazon principles, Systems design, algorithms  

Basic Linux internals, algorithmic and TCP/IP related questions, e.g. How TraceRoute works?  

hashmap, arrays, tcp-ip  

Design of Redbus payments system.  

What did I implement in my last position.  


Design a geo-redundant web app with initial capacity to server atlease x million requests per day and then scale to y TPS. Explain network diagram and gtm, ltm, dns, nat,pat, session persistence role in the design.  
Best way to run a command/script on thousand servers under 10 secs without using any tools like puppet, chef etc.  
		Two commons ways this can be done using PowerShell. A for each loop against a Get child item variable containing a list of servers. Or PS remoting cmdlets.
Design and explain step by step single-sign on (SAML) solution with app server like weblogic using any identity provider.  

Have you ever worked on large scale IT projects and what did it entail?  

Given a Oracle database with several tables, can you build me a query to find a record that looks like...  
		Depending on what’s required. A basic select, from, where statement should suffice. Be sure to mention the necessary joins if they ask about pulling data from other tables. Inner join returns data on a single column if both values are identical. Out join returns data of both tables where column values do not match. Left join adds table 2 on the RIGHT side of the query. Right join adds table 2 on the LEFT side of the column.

What is the difference between a ICMP or TCP TTL and a DNS TTL  

Some went very deep into the Linux internals but nothing unreasonable (fork, execv, tlb, etc). Other questions were related to TCP/UDP/DHCP but quite trivial.

The coding challenge was about implementing a hash using C++ templates and additional things were added to the problem as I solved it. It truly seems now to me the interviewer was trying to fail me or set the bar at an unreasonable level (for the position).  

What is the boot order of Linux
What means PTR in DNS
How would you find a large file in Linux
How would you trace which service or user opened a specific port  

Most efficient algorithm for sorting infinitely long array  

20 questions you'd like to ask your interviewers.  
---------------------------------------------
Data Structures:

Derived Ddata Types:
	Array
	List - Linked List
	Stack
	Queue
	Graph

Operations:
	Traversing
	Searching
	Insertion
	Deletion
	Sorting
	Merging

Arrays:
	Operations:
		Traverse - print all the array elements one by one.
		Insertion - Adds an element at the given index.
		Deletion - Deletes an element at the given index.
		Search - Searches an element using the given index or by the value.
		Update - Updates an element at the given index.
Linked Lists:
	Simple Linked List - Item navigation is forward only.
		Link - Each link of a linked list can store a data called an element.
		Next - Each link of a linked list contains a link to the next link called Next.
		LinkedList - A Linked List contains the connection link to the first link called First.
			Operations:
				Insertion - Adds an element at the beginning of the list.
				Deletion - Deletes an element at the beginning of the list.
				Display - Displays the complete list.
				Search - Searches an element using the given key.
				Delete - Deletes an element using the given key.
	Doubly Linked List - Items can be navigated forward and backward.
		Link - Each link of a linked list can store a data called an element.
		Next - Each link of a linked list contains a link to the next link called Next.
		Prev - Each link of a linked list contains a link to the previous link called Prev.
		LinkedList - A Linked List contains the connection link to the first link called First and to the last link called Last.
			Operations:
				Insertion - Adds an element at the beginning of the list.
				Deletion - Deletes an element at the beginning of the list.
				Insert Last - Adds an element at the end of the list.
				Delete Last - Deletes an element from the end of the list.
				Insert After - Adds an element after an item of the list.
				Delete - Deletes an element from the list using the key.
				Display forward - Displays the complete list in a forward manner.
				Display backward - Displays the complete list in a backward manner.
	Circular Linked List - Last item contains link of the first element as next and the first element has a link to the last element as previous.
	
Stack:
	Operations:
		push() - Pushing (storing) an element on the stack.
		pop() - Removing (accessing) an element from the stack.
		peek() - get the top data element of the stack, without removing it.
		isFull() - check if stack is full.
		isEmpty() - check if stack is empty.
		
Queue:
	Opeations:
		enqueue() - add (store) an item to the queue.
		dequeue() - remove (access) an item from the queue.
		peek() - Gets the element at the front of the queue without removing it.
		isfull() - Checks if the queue is full.
		isempty() - Checks if the queue is empty.
		
-----------------------
Linear Search
Binary Search

Interpolation Search:

Hash Table:

------------------------
Sorting Techniques:
	In-place Sorting and Not-in-place Sorting
	Stable and Not Stable Sorting
	daptive and Non-Adaptive Sorting Algorithm
	
	Bubble Sort:
	Insertion Sort:
	Selection Sort:
	Merge Sort:
	Shell Sort:
	Quick Sort:
--------------------------
Graph:
	Operations:
		Add Vertex - Adds a vertex to the graph.
		Add Edge - Adds an edge between the two vertices of the graph.
		Display Vertex - Displays a vertex of the graph.
	Depth First Traversal
	Breadth First Traversal
---------------------------
Tree:
	Operations:
		In-order Traversal
		Pre-order Traversal
		Post-order Traversal
		
	Binary Search Tree
-------------
Coding and Troubleshooting.

find . -name \*.cpp -exec grep -q "debug" '{}' \; -print

What data structure is used for depth first traversal of a graph?
---------------------------
Useful links

https://www.tutorialspoint.com/developers_best_practices/stress_management.htm
https://www.tutorialspoint.com/data_structures_algorithms/data_structures_algorithms_interview_questions.htm
https://www.geeksforgeeks.org/python-find-live-running-status-pnr-of-any-train-using-railway-api/
